[Music]
hey everyone and welcome back to my
channel this is a very special day or
night I should say because it is housing
date you basically it is the night
before all of the freshmen find out what
upperclassman house they're going to be
in for the next three years and there
are 12 houses and you don't want to get
three of them because they're in the
quad which is like really far away from
campus so it's called like being kwatak
so my friends and I don't want a co-ed
we're praying to get a river house which
is like on the Charles River and it's a
lot closer to campus housing day is this
huge celebration all of the people like
from the houses in upperclassmen like
start partying really early in the
morning when they're all out like in the
middle of the yard like chanting
everyone's like in gear there's mascots
like people are dressed up they have
paint on their underwear it's like kind
of funny there's flags everywhere and
there's like a lot of house pride and
then what happens is they dorm storm so
they run into all the freshman dorms and
they basically like storm the dorms and
let you know like what house you're in
so you'll hear like chant a lot of the
houses will chant the names of like the
quad houses or like other houses to
trick people but then they'll really end
up being them so we're super excited and
me and my friends are blocking together
which basically means that you decide
that you want to live in the same house
so there's five of us in total we're all
sleeping over at my father's dorm
tonight and we're gonna wake up really
early because they store they storm your
dorm 8:30 tonight date hello come join
I'm explaining this is a spin you've
seen her before I was just thinking like
about blocking and basically how
tomorrow morning between 8:30 and 9:30
people are gonna come this is Osmonds
room by the way which is why the
difference I'm really stressed we're
just always transverse though stressed
but you know ever and I'm a wholesome
and all right we'll play that game where
we're basically gonna spend each other
around and play like pin the tail on the
donkey but pin the something it might be
a rubber duck on the house
to determine like what house weekend so
we're nervous we're excited and we will
see you tomorrow little pin what are we
what are we painting actually on on the
house's pin the purse oh we need a
person we need we need pin the blocking
group on the house pin is something sour
patch and you should make something yes
ready yes okay all right okay oh my god
let me see if I can do get Eliot Quincy
Kirkland pfoho Dunster courier Winthrop
Lowell Mather Adams Leverett Cabot whoa
three go yes okay rubber ducky here okay
she has no idea what they can figure me
which way to go that just point her and
then spin her again that's a loss okay
wait oh yeah blindfold there we go oh my
god perfect okay ready go pin okay
anywhere here yes go just pin it up here
is your highest down here's your Louis
and I'll give you your sign parameters
too
solo hi-yah where it's the closest we
got Eliot not bad not bad
all right you make some oh okay this
mold is not on correctly it's right here
yes you look gorgeous my dear I will
include all of their ads in my walking
group okay all right and go and stick
sustenance for tonight
crane miss gets me through good morning
guys 7:00 a.m. and we just woke up I'd
be so tired but excited and really
really nervous and you can hear everyone
screams and shouts from outside I'm
already getting so nervous
oh I forgot my leggings I'm definitely
go back to my room and put ice on and
then just get ready and a little bit of
work to finish up before my classes
today so that's gonna be fun and then
we're gonna wait
oh my god the fish are all so tired okay
I think I'm gonna cry or like passed out
which is probably probably both are
gonna happen honestly I have a present
and licorice box paper do
studied for / done both so this is going
to be interesting
I'm on my way to Starbucks now to pick
up coffee
you really needed it my friend whose is
not a coffee drinker who never drinks
coffee Aspen was like Sienna I need
coffee this morning
like we had a
[Music]
[Applause]
oh my god way what else do you want what
else do you want
followed by the photo Instagram account
last night yeah that's that's not the
side I want neither oh yeah I'm now that
would be
[Applause]
okay I've got inputted pants
[Music]
[Applause]
oh wait this is so exciting okay there
goes I don't know who that is
people are going in every direction oh
my goodness
[Applause]
we got our mascot to pull over honestly
it was really cute they all came running
into everybody cry there's we didn't cry
I feel we didn't we didn't cry oh my god
it might it might happen no but honestly
I think it's gonna be okay we literally
did River Run we we sacrifice to the
river god we thought it was level and
then we were so upset when we were like
foot and we all just like kind of stood
there just like ah like kind of jumping
really like oh it's gonna be okay
it's okay polar bears mascot it's really
cute they have a great community I know
a lot of people in there two of my
roommates also got quoted so we can
always transfer if we need to but I
don't know it's like the P don't know
the PS the family then we're a family
now it's gonna get sold so quickly
alright let's go to burg and get some
swag and get high
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you
yeah
oh my god wait that's Tokyo
like a small
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you
adorable yeah very proud of already
roughing charm
[Music]